README.md, before:

# Elm Designer—A code generator for Elm UI

![Elm Designer interface](./assets/screenshot.jpg)

## Current status

The application is in early stages of development and supports a subset of [Elm UI][elmui].

Version 0.3 main features are:

* Undo/redo for destructive operations
* Support for relative positioned children (above, in front, etc.)
* Support for element shadow
* Label position for form fields (above, below, left, right and hidden)
* Border style selector: solid, dashed and dotted

## Download 

Elm Designer is distributed as an Electron app. Right now there are [macOS and Linux binaries][d] to download and you can run Elm Designer sources on Windows via CLI.

## About images

Images added to the page are automatically uploaded to [Null Pointer](https://0x0.st) service. According to Null Pointer terms of service uploaded images remain available up to one year (exact expiration depends on file size). 

By uploading images and referencing them by URL sidesteps a number of issues like: huge serialized JSON files, hit `localStorage` quota limits, and dealing with clumsy generated code.

## Known issues

- Color picker is quite limited at the moment since Elm Designer is using HTML 5 `input type=color`. Specifically you can't reset a color or specify `inherit`. See [#1][issue1]
- "Insert" menu allows to create non-renderable nodes. See [#20][issue20]

## Build Elm Designer from sources

If you need to edit the source files the `makefile` on the repository root contains a bunch on tasks which automate the most common operations.

### Install Parcel

Elm Designer uses [Parcel][2] to compile Elm and SASS source files. Please read up [these instructions][3] to install Parcel 1.12.4 before building Elm Designer from sources.

### Run with Electron

You can run [Electron][4] as a command-line app and then point it to the `main.js` entry point.

So, first install Electron and all its dependencies locally:

    npm ci

Then run:

    make run

This will build the app assets with Parcel in production mode, copy the files into the `electron-app` folder in the repo, and finally run Electron itself.

[2]: https://parceljs.org
[3]: https://parceljs.org/getting_started.html
[4]: https://www.electronjs.org
[d]: https://github.com/passiomatic/elm-designer/releases/tag/v0.3.0
[issue1]: https://github.com/passiomatic/elm-designer/issues/1 
[issue2]: https://github.com/passiomatic/elm-designer/issues/2 
[issue20]: https://github.com/passiomatic/elm-designer/issues/20
[elmui]: https://github.com/mdgriffith/elm-ui

Commit message:

Update README and build scripts

README.md, after:

# Elm Designer—A code generator for Elm UI

![Elm Designer interface](./assets/screenshot.jpg)

## Current status

The application is in early stages of development and supports a subset of [Elm UI][elmui].

Previosly Elm Designer was an Electrion app, you can still download older versions on the [Releases page][r].

## About images

Images added to the page are automatically uploaded to [Null Pointer](https://0x0.st) service. According to Null Pointer terms of service uploaded images remain available up to one year (exact expiration depends on file size). 

By uploading images and referencing them by URL sidesteps a number of issues like: huge serialized JSON files, hit `localStorage` quota limits, and dealing with clumsy generated code.

## Known issues

- Color picker is quite limited at the moment since Elm Designer is using HTML 5 `input type=color`. Specifically you can't reset a color or specify `inherit`. See [#1][issue1]
- "Insert" menu allows to create non-renderable nodes. See [#20][issue20]

## Build Elm Designer from sources

Elm Designer uses [Parcel][2] to compile Elm and SASS source. To install all the needed dependencies type:

    npm install 

If you need to edit the source files the `package.json` contains a bunch on script entries which automate the most common operations. To run Elm Design locally in dev mode type:

    npm run dev

[2]: https://parceljs.org
[3]: https://parceljs.org/getting_started.html
[d]: https://github.com/passiomatic/elm-designer/releases/tag/v0.3.0
[issue1]: https://github.com/passiomatic/elm-designer/issues/1 
[issue2]: https://github.com/passiomatic/elm-designer/issues/2 
[issue20]: https://github.com/passiomatic/elm-designer/issues/20
[elmui]: https://github.com/mdgriffith/elm-ui
[r]: https://github.com/passiomatic/elm-designer/releases
